we need the best brains in the country
to be working on financial inclusion
this can't be one of the last career
choices that people have it should be
the first one and when we start having
more and more people choosing to be in
these sectors and making this a priority
it will work the biggest contribution as
a leader is to get them to dream big
whatever great examples of what a human
being can achieve she manages extremely
well being quiet and being passionate
I'm a finance person I'm hardcore
finance person you know and one of the
things I've always wanted to do was just
really apply this knowledge to areas
like Financial Inclusion
Kshama is very very high ethics
extremely high ethics she's a very
charismatic person extremely inspiring
and obviously her knowledge speaks
volumes this is this is the real India
on the one hand you have a large
proportion of Indians who have no access
to finance and on the other hand you
have these large and deep pools of
capital which can provide that access
and then actually bringing the two of
them together would solve a lot of the
problems that we are seeing today and
that's the role that I have from our
capital is trying to play I guess I
think what we want at IFM our capital is
professionals and as long as people are
excluded we have a job to do there are
people who inspire you to be great you
know to live life and so I think Shama
is that kind of person this you takes
care of me and she takes interest in
making sure that you are able to balance
work and life this is just one word that
really rings in my mind as to what kind
of a mom she's been to me and that word
is supportive if at all I think I'm a
role model it's a suspect that you can
actually be full-time CEO of a company
that is growing at a hundred percent
year-on-year and despite all of this I
find the time and I find the need to
really have a life that goes beyond my
work no no thank you thank you
every single thing I do no matter how
small or big is an experience I live and
I cherish and I think it's an unending
game